hello my name is emmanuel des
tanzimat i will teach you
today how to make your own
softening why make your own
softening simply for
economic reasons
it costs a lot less for
ecological reasons you know
exactly what's in your
product so you avoid everything that
is allergy problems and rejection of
things not necessarily very positive in
nature
and then another benefit you have to
white vinegar in your fabric softener
you will see it and it also allows you
to avoid all that is limestone in
your machine to make your own
softeners you are going to need to
white vinegar of water and bicarbonate
soda
you're just going to mix in one
containing 500 milliliters of water 250
milliliters of white vinegar and 2
tablespoons of baking soda
soda
once you've done all that
put it in a container
be careful as any household product that
you do it yourself very
be careful to put it in a container
dedicated that can not be confused
with a container you use to
food purposes
I take 500 milliliters of water 250
liters by a little bit of vinegar
white and 2 tablespoons of
baking soda
watch it foam you mix well
and you will be able to pay your teen
six years in a reception reserved for this
use
you just have to put
the equivalent of a drink at each laundry
you know now how to do
your own softener